c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\le\GadgeteerApp10.exe
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\be\GadgeteerApp10.exe
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\le\GadgeteerApp10.pdb
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\be\GadgeteerApp10.pdb
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\GadgeteerApp10.exe
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\GadgeteerApp10.pdb
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\le\GadgeteerApp10.pe
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\le\GadgeteerApp10.pdbx
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\be\GadgeteerApp10.pe
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\be\GadgeteerApp10.pdbx
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.pe
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Hardware.pe
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Usb.pe
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZReaper.pe
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.LEDStrip.pe
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientSP.pe
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.pe
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Hardware.pe
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Usb.pe
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZReaper.pe
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.LEDStrip.pe
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientSP.pe
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.pdbx
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Usb.pdbx
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZReaper.pdbx
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.LEDStrip.pdbx
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientSP.pdbx
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.pdbx
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Usb.pdbx
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZReaper.pdbx
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.LEDStrip.pdbx
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientSP.pdbx
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.dll
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\GHI.Hardware.dll
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\GHI.Usb.dll
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZReaper.dll
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.LEDStrip.dll
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientSP.dll
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.pdb
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.xml
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\GHI.Hardware.xml
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\GHI.Usb.xml
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZReaper.xml
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.LEDStrip.xml
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientSP.xml
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\obj\Debug\GadgeteerApp10.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\obj\Debug\GadgeteerApp10.Resources.resources
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\obj\Debug\GadgeteerApp10.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\obj\Debug\GadgeteerApp10.Resources.tinyresources
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\obj\Debug\TinyResGen.cache
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\obj\Debug\be\GadgeteerApp10.pe
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\obj\Debug\be\GadgeteerApp10.pdbx
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\obj\Debug\le\GadgeteerApp10.pe
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\obj\Debug\le\GadgeteerApp10.pdbx
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\obj\Debug\GadgeteerApp10.exe
c:\users\nocti\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\obj\Debug\GadgeteerApp10.pdb
C:\Users\nocti\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pe
C:\Users\nocti\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pe
C:\Users\nocti\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pdbx
C:\Users\nocti\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pdbx
C:\Users\nocti\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.dll
C:\Users\nocti\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.xml
C:\Users\nocti\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.SPI.pe
C:\Users\nocti\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.DisplayN18.pe
C:\Users\nocti\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.SPI.pe
C:\Users\nocti\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.DisplayN18.pe
C:\Users\nocti\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.SPI.pdbx
C:\Users\nocti\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.DisplayN18.pdbx
C:\Users\nocti\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.SPI.pdbx
C:\Users\nocti\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.DisplayN18.pdbx
C:\Users\nocti\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.SPI.dll
C:\Users\nocti\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.DisplayN18.dll
C:\Users\nocti\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.SPI.pdb
C:\Users\nocti\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.SPI.xml
C:\Users\nocti\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.DisplayN18.xml
C:\Users\nocti\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Joystick.pe
C:\Users\nocti\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Joystick.pe
C:\Users\nocti\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Joystick.pdbx
C:\Users\nocti\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Joystick.pdbx
C:\Users\nocti\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Joystick.dll
C:\Users\nocti\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\GadgeteerApp10\GadgeteerApp10\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Joystick.xml
